feat(docs): Add options to specified commands (#107)
VivumLab/VivumLab: docs/core/Commands.md

#### docker_shell
Opens a shell in the VivumLab deploy container.
Options: none
    example: **`vlab docker_shell`**
NOTE: You will not be able to exit out of the docker container.
NOTE: If you wanted to access outside the container, use the shell command

#### create_sshkey
Creates an SSH Key, based on the name provided by the user when `vlab config` was run.
Options: build, debug, force
    example **`vlab create_sshkey`**
NOTE: Will ask for a password. Will still work, even if you do not provide one.

#### show_config
Shows the configuration settings for the specified service.
Options: none
    example (jellyfin): **`vlab show_config service=jellyfin`**

#### set
Set a configuration variable
Options: none
    examples:
    (enabling Jellyfin): **`vlab set jellyfin.enable=true`**
    (setup Vivumlab for an Arm Arcitecture) **`vlab set arm=true`**
    (change the default_password): **`vlab set vault.default_password=S0m3C00lP@s$word`**
    (changing the CloudFlare API email) **`vlab set vault.traefik.additional_env_vars.CF_API_EMAIL=your@email.com`**

#### track
Switches you to the specified branch or tag.
Options: branch
    examples
    (branch): **`vlab track branch=master`**

>     (tag): **`vlab track tag=0.0.1`**

Reviewer: this should be 

```suggestion
    (tag): **`vlab track tag=v0.0.1`**
```

#### check_version
Checks the current version.
Options: none
    example: **`vlab version`**

#### install_cli
Links the vlab cli into /usr/local/bin so you can call vlab without the ./
Options: none
    example: **`./vlab install_cli`**

#### service_edit
Allows the user to make changes to the way a specified service is deployed, without making changes to the core/provided files. See [Next Steps](Next-Step.md) for more information.
Options: debug, service
    example (editing Jellyfin): **`vlab service_edit service=jellyfin`**

> #### reboot
> Allows the user to make changes to the way a specified service is deployed, without making changes to the core/provided files. See [Next Steps](Next-Step.md) for more information.
> Options: t
>     example (editing Jellyfin): **`vlab service_edit service=jellyfin`**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### reboot
Allows the user to reboot the server.
Options: none
    example: **`vlab reboot`**
```

> #### shutdown
> Allows the user to make changes to the way a specified service is deployed, without making changes to the core/provided files. See [Next Steps](Next-Step.md) for more information.
> Options: t
>     example (editing Jellyfin): **`vlab service_edit service=jellyfin`**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### shutdown
Allows the user to shutdown the server.
Options: none
    example: **`vlab shutdown`**
```

> 

Reviewer: Is this WIP?
